include Elixir Discord as part of "community" (#4128)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/introduction/community.md

  * We're on Freenode IRC in the [\#elixir-lang](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=elixir-lang) channel.

  * [Request an invitation](https://elixir-slackin.herokuapp.com/) and join the #phoenix channel on [Slack](https://elixir-lang.slack.com).
  

>   * Feel free to join and checkout the #phoenix channel on [Discord](https://discord.gg/elixir).

Reviewer: Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it should be "check out" (as two words) if you intend to use it as a verb.

Reviewer 2: You are correct.

Author: Good catch, thanks

>   * Feel free to join and checkout the #phoenix channel on [Discord](https://discord.gg/elixir).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Feel free to join and check out the #phoenix channel on [Discord](https://discord.gg/elixir).
```
